This technical demonstration was my introduction to Unreal Engine 4. Some peers and I decided we wanted to take a shot at making am game which takes the best parts of the Mario Party game series. The first step was proving that we could make a modular digital gameboard, and we decided we wanted to try doing so in Unreal. This demo proved our (specifically the programming team) proficiency in getting the basis for this gameboard up and running. It features 4 tile types and the ability to swap directions that tiles move in. The pawns in the game board use AI to move from tile to tile using Unreal Engine's Behavior Tree.

The game board was made modular by creating 4 types of tiles. These types are directional, undirectional choice of 4, undirectional choice of 8, and forced-directional. The directional tile has a connector for its previous and next tiles. Players can only move in the direction of the next tile. If the board is reversed, then players can only move in the direction of the previous tile. The undirectional tiles (chice of 4 and 8) have 4 and 8 connectors, respectively. Upon landing at one of these types of tiles, players can choose from any of these connectors, so long as the tile they lead to does not send them back to this tile (i.e. directional tiles are not pointing to this tile). It is not recommended that two undirectional tiles connect to one another. The final tile type, forced-directional, is a directional tile without a previous. Therefore, if the board direction is flipped, this tile still leads to the same place. The forced-directional tile is used specifically for the case of the starting position. Players can only move away from this tile and onto the board.
